#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/update-requirements
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
altair==4.2.0
    # via streamlit
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   streamlit
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.4
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   click-completion
    #   click-configfile
    #   click-default-group
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-help-colors
    #   click-log
    #   click-man
    #   click-option-group
    #   click-repl
    #   click-threading
    #   sphinx-click
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
click-completion==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
click-configfile==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click-help-colors==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
click-log==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click-man==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
click-option-group==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click-spinner==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
click-threading==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
configparser==5.2.0
    # via click-configfile
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-click
doublemetaphone==1.1
    # via probablepeople
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
future==0.18.2
    # via probablepeople
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via streamlit
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via streamlit
ipykernel==6.13.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
ipython==8.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via pydeck
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   click-completion
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.10
    # via widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
probableparsing==0.0.1
    # via probablepeople
probablepeople==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.20.0
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.7.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-crfsuite==0.9.8
    # via probablepeople
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
    #   vobject
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
shellingham==1.4.0
    # via click-completion
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   click-completion
    #   click-configfile
    #   click-repl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   validators
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via sphinx-click
sphinx-click==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.37
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.13.3
    # via notebook
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.11.2
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
typer==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via streamlit
tzdata==2022.1
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
validators==0.18.2
    # via streamlit
vobject==0.9.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==2.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
